Updates Welcome to Polygon (#1612)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/home/new-to-polygon.md

Here are some of the cornerstones of Polygon technology:

- Interoperability

Polygon aims to solve siloed blockchains, where the exchange of data between networks is not prioritized and transferring tokens from one blockchain to another is a complex feature. In fact, Pos bridge, a cross-chain approach and an integrative mindset are the real enablers of interoperability.

- Scalability

Polygon’s inception was based on scaling Ethereum. Now, it follows a more robust goal: upgrading the blockchain. In order to achieve such a challenge, Polygon applies one of the most groundbreaking protocols of cryptography: zero knowledge. This technology ushers in an era of fast throughput and an overall better experience with blockchain products.

- Security

Polygon’s protocols and solutions leverage Ethereum’s security. As a pioneer layer 1 network, Ethereum’s security has been thoroughly tested out and it serves well to develop layer 2 solutions that inherit such an efficient paradigm.

- Dev friendliness

> Developing on Polygon should be an accessible experience. Aside from a constantly updated wiki, Polygon’s personnel plays an important role in assisting builders: the team is always reachable in the Polygon Discord channels, as well as other social networks. Developers, DevRels, and Support team; these people are always there to improve your developer experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developer experience is at the forefront of Polygon's system design and architecture. A flourishing ecosystem of solutions and a dedicated team of developers and support personnel ensure that building on Polygon is an accessible and rewarding experience.
```

- Governance PIP

As a community-driven protocol, Polygon offers the possibility of anyone having a say about its future. PIPs, Polygon improvement proposals, work as a resource where the Web3 community can suggest changes to Polygon protocols.

:::info A brief history of Polygon

In 2017*,* the Matic network was created by JD Kanani, Sandeep Nailwal and Anurag Arjun as a  way of providing a solution to the blockchain’s scalability problem and solving Ethereum issues, such as long processing time and high gas fees. Polygon’s technology at the time was focused on the Plasma framework and the Proof-of-Stake consensus algorithm and implementation, where validators play a major role.

At the beginning of 2021, Matic became Polygon Technology and shifted its focus to a more interconnective perspective. The current tendency of Polygon is to establish itself as a Multichain provider, that supports and bridges major blockchains with their intrinsic characteristics and provides solutions for a wealth of blockchain use cases.

:::

## Polygon solutions

### POS

> POS is a Proof-of-Stake scaling solution for Ethereum-based public blockchain network, which enables the use of sidechains. As POS offers low gas fees and fast TPS, this solution is ideal for creating decentralized services, applications and finance. It also supports the creation and issue of non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and game development.

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "which enables the use of sidechains". Something like what's on the main site would be good: "Polygon’s scalable proof-of-stake (POS) architecture complements Ethereum’s decentralized security, ensuring you have the ability to create dApps that can appeal to the general public while maintaining the power of decentralization."

- Build a dApp: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/develop/getting-started
- Operate a node: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/operate/technical-requirements
- Validate the network: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/maintain/validate/validator-index/
- Participate in governance: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/maintain/govern/pips/

### zkEVM
Polygon zkEVM is a scaling solution equivalent to the Ethereum Virtual Machine that leverages cryptographic zero-knowledge proofs to offer validity and quick finality to off-chain transaction computation. NFT, Gamefi, and Enterprise applications might benefit from Polygon’s low gas cost, high transactions, and a greater level of security coupled with Ethereum composability. For digital payment, zkEVM enables near-instantaneous and low-fee real-time transactions.

Codebase: https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez

**Useful links**
- Learn more about Polygon zkEVM: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/zkEVM/introduction
- Build on Polygon zkEVM: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/zkEVM/develop
- FAQs: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/zkEVM/faq/zkevm-general-faq

### Supernets

> Polygon Supernets is a customizable, modular, and extensible end-to-end service to build and power dedicated, highly robust and forward-compatible application-specific blockchains. Supernets provide premium support to help users build blockchains avoiding the complexity of blockchain development and the difficulty of maintaining its infrastructure.

Reviewer: Sounds like a word salad - "EVM-compatible app-chains that are x y z / offers x y z.

Codebase: https://github.com/0xPolygon/polygon-edge

**Useful links**
- Get started: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/supernets/get-started/what-are-supernets
- Learn about the System design: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/category/system-design
- Create your own Supernet: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/category/build-a-supernet

### Miden

> Polygon Miden is a zero-knowledge virtual machine. The design decisions taken in Miden’s development process allow developers to create applications currently difficult and impractical on account-based systems. It uses  STARK-based proof of execution to be used by anyone to verify that the program was executed correctly without the need for re-executing the program or even knowing its content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Polygon Miden is a cutting-edge zero-knowledge virtual machine that offers developers the freedom to create applications that would otherwise be challenging or impractical to build on account-based systems. Miden leverages STARK-based proof of execution, enabling anyone to verify that a program has been correctly executed without the need to re-execute the program or have knowledge of its contents.
```

Codebase: https://github.com/0xPolygonMiden

**Useful links**
- Learn about Miden: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/miden/intro/main
- Use Miden VM: https://wiki.polygon.technology/docs/miden/user_docs/usage

### Polygon ID

> Polygon ID makes it possible to build trusted and secure relationships between users and dApps, following the principles of self-sovereign identity (SSI) and privacy by default. Organizations can issue verifiable credentials about users, and other individuals can verify those claims via a suite of tools created for each member of the SSI ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon ID enables the creation of secure relationships between users and dApps based on self-sovereign identity principles. It leverages zero-knowledge proofs to protect users' privacy and allows organizations to issue verifiable credentials that can be verified by other members of the SSI ecosystem.
```

> It uses zero-knowledge proofs so that users can prove their identity without having to expose their private data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
